I bow to all the seekers of truth.
Today, in these modern times
we are face to face
with lots of complicated problems
lots of shocks that are awaiting us.
And then we
look back
to understand
why have we failed?
What has gone wrong with all of us?
Whatever way the human beings have moved
in whatever direction
they have tried to
achieve something
the whole thing has recoiled on the whole humanity
and has destroyed it.
One must stop at this point
and witness the reason
the basic reason, what mistake we have committed.
We talk of love, we talk of peace
world peace.
But the peace is not in your hearts.
Peace is not within.
You are in a turmoil
and how can you bring forth peace all over?
If the
sea is full of waves
which are in a turmoil
how do you expect the boat to be steady?
The reason is
we are not
trying to find out what is wrong with us.
But we are all the time trying to find out
what is wrong with others.
But who is the other?
We are all part and parcel of one
Great World.
God has not created many countries.
He never knew about these things.
He will be surprised if He visits His world.
He will be surprised the way we have
divided ourselves into countries
countries, countries
and from one country to another country
you move like a criminal with a passport number.
This idea of love is not love.
This conception, the mental projection
that we call love is not love at all.
The love is something which is a power.
A power that is looking after us
the power that is guiding us
the power that has nourished us, has brought us to this level.
We in our ego human beings think that we have done this
we have done that.
You have done nothing.
You can't even create a blade of grass.
You cannot ! Can you?
You cannot create anything that is living.
Then why say that, "We have done this, we have done that"?
you have done nothing
but you have created all kinds of devils out of your cocoons
and put them on top of your heads.
First let us be humble about it
then we can understand what is love of God.
Love of God is a power, it is all pervading power.
It is the subtle power
which resides in all the elements
in all the molecules, in all the atoms.
The vibrations that you see say in a sulphur dioxide
when you see the
isometric movement of the atoms
then know it is the love of God which is watching it.
Now it is easy to say that it is no love of God.
But this is not very scientific way of looking at things.
If you are scientific minded
then, you have to understand this is the hypothesis
which I am putting before you.
And if it is not proved then you can deny.
Uptil now I would have accepted that you said there is no God
but that also is not scientific
because you have not seen yet.
You have not gone into that direction.
You have not tried to find it out.
How can you say there is no God?
Only because in your small little brain
you have conceived an idea that there is no God.
So, secondly you have to have an open mind
to understand God's love.
A very open mind
open mind like a student who goes to the university
doesn't challenge a professor, but sits down to listen
to find out what the professor has to teach.
Thirdly,
we must understand that we know very little
very very little, wee bit.
We are using a very weebit of our brain to understand it.
so, whatever so called knowledge we have got
is absolutely a limited knowledge.
May be it is just ignorance or may be something mythical.
Let us keep it as a hypothesis.
Now, I say
that there is God
and I say that His love is all pervading.
All the great saints, incarnations, prophets
all the great religions have said this.
I am not saying this for the first time.
I am only here to prove that they have said it, is the truth
and you can find out whether it is the truth or not.
But you should be the seekers of truth
and not just intellectuals or some sort of
argumentative personalities.
Try to understand that at human level you have not been able to
discover that great power of love, is a fact, must accept.
You have not been able to feel God's love.
Or you might have read a lot, but you have had no experience of God.
You have never felt His love
Then, one must know that we have been ignorant.
The darkness of ignorance has been on us
and in darkness we are eating each other
You have no idea as to how we are related to each other.
It is a crazy world we are creating today because of this darkness.
This darkness has to go away.
And for that the light of God's love has to come.
Now the question could be, how can we know God?
Because as it is, we are like a cocoon.
We have taken out all these traits of the cocoon
put them round us
and everybody thinks that they have produced some sort of a
novel ideology or a philosophy
which will solve all the problems of the world.
It has not, it has created more complications,
more complications and more complications.
Let us face it.
How to get out of this cocoon is the problem today?
And to get out of this cocoon
what should we do?
Normally as human beings we always think
that by doing something only we achieve the results.
But this is the other way round.
When we became human beings from ameba stage what did we do?
From monkeys to human beings what did we do?
We didn't do anything. Did we?
But there was some internal force
that has brought forth this  revolution.
Now when something has happened
without our effort
then it must be something unique.
But it is nothing. Everyday we see it.
For example, a flower becomes a fruit. You see it every day.
And you accept it.
You never challenge, how it has become suddenly
the flower becoming a fruit
because it is a living process.
So the living process
of the living God
comes from His love, which is living.
Dead Gods I am not talking about
which we have made out of our own brains.
But real God, the reality itself
which is not created by you, He has created us.
When He has created us
We cannot put in effort to know Him.
He has to put in effort for us to know Him.
So, He has put in all the efforts within yourself
very beautifully.
In the different stages of your evolution,
He has
developed within you a mechanism
a beautiful living mechanism
which has given you the state
upto which you have come up as a human beings
and also the possibility of becoming a higher being
through that mechanism.
Now if you want to know through science , you cannot.
By all human efforts
whatever you try is the knowledge of the tree.
But if you have to have the knowledge of the roots
you have to become a subtler personality to get to it.
Even to become that
God has made all beautiful arrangements within us.
In the west I would say
on the scientific field you reached
quite daring but he made little mistakes
because He didn't have a Mother to tell him perhaps.
So, he made a very big mistake
by saying that the unconscious
is below the subconscious mind.
And then is the conscious mind
which we call (SUPHTA CHETAN).
Which is Sakhshat Kundalini.
This Kundalini
according to him was placed  under the layers of these minds.
God is a great creator and a planner.
Supposing you have to
enter into an airport
and there are piles of luggage, one after another and everything
piled one after the other like that, how will you reach?
There has to be a path.
So, this argument of his has failed him completely.
But actually it is not placed one on top of another
but on parallel sides.
On the left hand side and the right hand side.
On the left hand side, we have the subconscious.
The present subconscious is like subconscious
many lives' subconscious and then the collective subconscious.
On the right hand side we have got supraconscious, the present one
this life's
then of many lives
and then last of all is the collective supraconscious.
Now the supraconscious means the futuristic
the futuristic ideas of people.
So, we have two types of people already
one are which are left sided which live with their past
one which are right sided which live with the future.
We can say in India we are the people live more with the past.
We talk of Shivaji but what about today?
Can we produce someone like him?
We talk of Nanaka. Can we produce anyone like Him?
We talk of Kabira. Can we produce anyone like Him?
With all this nonsense that is going on
can we produce even one like them? We cannot.
So no use talking about them.
Better see what you can do today in the present.
So in the present is the central path
which we call in the Sanskrit language as Maha Laxmi's.
This central path is the evolutionary path of the human beings.
And thus all the centers that are created within us
are the different stages in which a human being has gone through.
For example, the first one which is called as the Mooladhara
which you see there
is the one, that starts with carbon.
With the carbon coming into the evolutionary process
amino acids were formed.
Iife took its own existence
and life stared running.
So basically,
we have started from that stage, going higher, higher, higher.
Till now we have come to the human stage
and last is this chakra which we call
in the medical science as limbic area, Sahastrara.
The end of it is called as the Bramharandra
in the fontanelle bone area in the medical terminology
and this is a soft bone in childhood
which gets covered up because
of the two institutions growing into us of ego and superego.
When the kundalini rises through these centers
She pierces through this seventh center
and you get that higher awareness
which we call as Yogis or Sahajyogis.
These days there are so many types of yogis moving.
That is why we call it Sahajyogis,
but all real yogis are Sahajyogis.
It is a spontaneous happening because it is a living process.
Living process is a spontaneous happening.
Once people asked Ramadasa,
"How much time does it take for kundalini to rise?"
He said TAT CHHAN, (that moment).
Guru Nanaka has said," Sahaja Samadhi lago".
" Sahaja Samadhi lago".
He has described, Sahaja Samadhi lago, clearly.
What more he should say?
Kabira has said," Ida pingala sukhman nadi mein".
They all have described the same thing.
In the Bible it is written,
"I will appear before you like tongues of flames".
No one can explain what does that mean.
Christ has said ,"I will come back as a comforter, as a Holy Ghost".
If you ask somebody, who is Holy Ghost?
They say we don't know, that is a mystery.
Everything is a mystery, then what is the use of having such a
mysterious ideas.
Why do you accept anything that is mysterious?
Holy Ghost is nothing but it is the kundalini within you.
She is the reflection of the Primordial Mother
who is within you in the triangular bone.
She is kept there all the time.
That is the power which is, what we call is the power of
Shuddah Iccha.
Pure desire, pure desire.
What is the pure desire we have?
Is that we have to become one with this all pervading power.
This is the pure desire.
All other desires come and go.
Today they are asking say for something.
Tomorrow they will ask for something.
Day after tommorow they will ask for something.
It will go on and go on and go on.
But once you get to your pure desire
you don't want to ask for anything.
Then you give.
Then you don't ask. You don't want anything, you want to give.
This is the situation which we should arrive at
that we have to give.
When we say that we have to become the light
then you become the light.
What does the light do?
Light gives.
Till it becomes the light all the problems are there.
As soon as it becomes light, it gives.
In the same way, there is full arrangement within us.
In a living process the kundalini has to rise
and give you your self realisation, your self knowledge
which is the BODHA, which is the VEDAS.
VED means VIDH.
To know within yourself means on your central nervous system
not reading, not reading.
Kabira has said, (" PADHI PADHI PANDIT MOORAKH BHAYYA").
He said by reading too much, the great learned have become stupid.
That is a fact.
Because when you read, everybody else is in your head, you are lost.
Now when the self knowledge comes into you
then what happens?
When self knowledge is there, you know about yourself.
You don't know anything about yourself.
For example, somebody who is sick
he says,"Oh! I was quite alright
and suddenly i find i have got bone marrow cancer".
He never knew,no nothing.
Suddenly they say now i have bone marrow cancer.
I am walking about alright. I am perfectly alright.
He did not know.
Somebody says,"My son was alright,
suddenly he has turned out to be epiliptic".
Another one says,"My daughter was alright. Now she is a lunatic."
How it has happened, we don't know?
Suddenly, something has gone down with the machine.
We know more about the motorcar that we drive the machinery
much less about this our machinery
which is so beautiful and so subtle.
To know this you have to become the knower.
And the knower is the spirit, where you have to reach.
But for that you don't have to do anything.
Kundilini has to do some job
and that job is simple because She is your Mother.
She has been your mother all your lives
and now she wants to give you your second birth.
That you have to have.
It is no use certfying yourself twice born
or say that I am a person, who has got realisation.
It is no use deceiving yourself, no use.
When you get your realisation , the first thing that happens to you
the first and foremost thing that will happen to you
that on your central nervous system
you will develop a new dimension
of collective consciousness.
A new depth on your central nervous system
you can feel your own centers and the centers of others
on your five fingers and six and seven centers.
This has to happen.
The one who thinks I know a lot,
i am a great pandit, i am this and that
I think all of them are on their way to Narak (Hell).
Only the way to rise
is to ascend through kundailini awakening, there is no other way.
Some people think that we have to be very
upright, straight forward in life if you are honest
if you are all other things then it is enough.
But another may ask," Why, For What was the purpose of all this?"
Why should we have this balanced life?
Why should we go through this rigmarole of
being very steady, this, that.
Any body can ask, young people will ask this question.
Why this nonsense of being all these things , for what?
This balance is for the ascent.
Without the balance it cannot ascend.
That is why the balance has to come.
That is why you have to be in the middle.
You have to be in moderation because you have to ascend.
And for the ascent, all the extreme temperament cannot beat.
Supposing you have an aeroplane which has one wheel missing.
will it fly?
Which has got one wheel very heavy it won't fly.
So, one has to have a balance
and this balance is achieved through your being in moderation
or being , I would not say (DHARMIC) because Dharmic means nonsense
but Dharmic means the Dharma
the Dharma within you, the ten valencies that are within you.
which are the valencies of human beings to be balanced.
We can say the ten commandments or we can say the ten valencies
or we can say the DASHA DHARMAS ( the ten dharmas).
They are inner things
they are not outside, they are inside yourself.
When they are in balance, the ascent takes place.
Now the difference between
all those historical things that we have seen
all those
self realisation stories we have heard
have been of one or two persons
because of the tree of life at that time
they were one or two flowers.
I find there are thousands today. The blossom time has come.
So, many will get realisation no doubt.
But the other difference between all those practices where
people used to cleanse themselves
chakras by chakras they used to raise it.
They used to go to real gurus, satgurus.
not these horrible gurus but satgurus.
Satgurus they used to go.
and these gurus would raise their kundalini one by one step by step
and give them realisation, cleanse them.
It was a very hazardous method.
So as the Mother
I thought why not make you your own guru.
How do you do it?
Somehow or other, I must develop a method
by which I can manage amass realisation.
Let many people get realisation.
Now the kundalini doesn't rise in its own full force,
because the chakras are not clean
there are problems on the chakras,
there are blockages things like that.
But there is a wee bit
a small hair like power can rise in some people
Some people can have a bigger flow
some people can have a completete jet coming out.
But everybody should have this experience.
And as a result of that, the
light in of the spirit flickers a little bit.
In that light you can see your own problems.
You can see what is wrong with you
because you can feel it on your finger tips.
and if you know how to correct them, you become your own guru
you correct yourself, I don't want to tell you.
Because if I tell you, you will all run away.
These are not the days to tell anybody to do something.
That is the worst thing.
So only thing is you get your realisation
get this little light with you
and see for your self what is wrong with you and you manage it.
This is the only difference is
and I find this works better.
Because human beings in the modern times
have accumulated so much of ego on their head, so much
beyond their heads.
So no use touching it.
Best is to raise the kundalini, so that they see their ego.
And they say, "Mother, Please remove this
thing that has gone on my head, please remove this."
They themselves say.
This is what is this modern Sahajyoga is.
The Kundalini awakening is very simple.
People might have told you that it gives you problems and all that.
I just don't know because thousands of people
in the villages, in the cities, all over the world I have done this.
Nobody had any problems.
On the contrary all their problems are solved.
This is a wrong idea we have got in our head.
I don't know from where it has come that you have to suffer
to get to spirituality.
I just don't understand like some people in England said to me
that we have to suffer.
I said ,"Why?"
Christ has suffered for you. Hasn't He?
Are you going to suffer more than Christ?
Why did He suffer for you if there was something
left for you to suffer?
Actually they make everybody else suffer.
They don't suffer much.
All such people.
Because if you don't eat anything
you starve, you make yourself miserable.
Everybody else will be miserable with that person.
Supposing you want to hurt ME, the best thing is to fast.
You see Mother I am fasting then I don't feel like eating Myself.
If My children are fasting, why should I eat?
But if I say don't fast, then that is the
most sinister thing I have told you.
You can fast as much as you like all your life
and make everybody fast, doesn't matter.
But not in the name of God
You are maligning God. He is Joy!
He has made all this world so beautiful
for you to come!
He wants to welcome you to His own kingdom!
And what He finds?
The people are beating himself, themselves or beating others
or fasting or torturing themselves.
This is the kind of attitude that is not going to please God at all.
I don't know from where these ideas might have come from people
who preach about God.
Because they must be saying, you starve and give all food to me.
You become a sanyasi. Give all your money to me.
Must be this is the reason.
I cannot find any reason for this kind of nonsense
that you should fast , you should suffer.
In Sahaj yoga no body is allowed to do that.
And if you have to do that, then please don't come to Sahaj yoga.
You have to know that God
wants you to be the happiest person, to be the most joyous person
a person without any problems, without any tension
without any trouble
enjoying the beauty and the grace
with all His bliss upon you.
But for that first of all
you have to make your mind
that you first of all forgive yourself.
and then forgive others.
and just sit with an open mind.
I am sure you will get all your realisation
and feel this all pervading power of God
like vibrations or cool breeze
which is called as the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost
on your finger tips.
Some may not feel
possibly because of some troubles, some obstructions
some mental projections. May be!
But that doesn't mean they will not feel later.
And they should not go and criticize
"Oh! i didn't feel, it is all humbug." This is nonsense.
This is like dog in the manger.
You cannot eat and don't allow others to eat.
If you do not feel it then don't condemn yourself either.
We can workout, you can come back to the center
and get your realisation.
Now the time has come for all of us to be wise
and not to be stupid anymore.
You have done enough of stupidity.
Alright as children they are forgiven.
But if you are born like that
I don't know where you will land
and where this world is going to land ultimately.
So, all of us have to decide, those who are here, that from today
because the new year has started, let us try to be wise.
And the wisdom has its own powers
beauty has its own powers
and love has its all powers.
Everything emerges into the ocean of 'Love of God'.
I had told you that I would talk to you in Hindi also.
And I talk to you in spoken language used in our daily life only.
I do not use any such language which you may not understand.
So,those who are against the Hindi language, they are requested that
I cannot learn many languages.
I have learnt as many languages as I could
and it is your daily spoken language
I speak in the same language in which you watch cinema.
Some people told ME, "Mother , please speak in Panjabi."
Earlier I knew Punjabi language a little,
but now for the past so much time
it has not been used, so have forgotten a little.
But the language must be that of 'Love'.
Learn the language of 'Love'.
What have you done after learning so many languages?
Simply think that after learning so many languages
we have given rise to all quarrels.
After that , after learning Dharma what rivalry did we give rise to?
If Dharma teaches to quarrel, then that cannot be Dharma.
Because we are the cells of same one God
the cells of this one God.
If your one hand starts quarrelling with another hand
what shall a mother say,"Son, you are two hands of one single body."
Now when we see that wherever we pay attention
quarrel goes on even in the name of religion.
tomorrow's children will say , "God save from such a religion
and God save from such Gods also."
Your children only will say that they don't want such a religion.
What you are asking for today, will be abused tomorrow and lost
because its proof must be visible.
Its result must be visible.
People must know what was the result and what did we achieve.
If somebody in the house,
sows babool, people ask,"why are you sowing Babool?
says, because thorns will grow out of it.
Why are you sowing thorns?
Sowing thorns so that , these prick people.
Very good condition of yours.
Why are you thinking like that?
I want that these should prick everyone so that they curse me only.
Very good!
All such foolishness that we are making one after the other
the time has come to put an end to all such foolishness.
If you do not put an end to it
God will put an end to it as well as to you.
Do not blame God for wrong doings.
For wrong things, don't say God has said so.
God has said so. He can never say so.
We have popularised such wrong assertions
and in every religion their agents are sitting amongst them.
In which religion it is not so?
It is so in Christians, in Muslims, in Sikhs
no less in Hindus, in thousands.
Tell Me, in which religion there are not its agents?
Everybody is earning money. Everything is means of earning money.
God doesn't understand a single penny.
If you tell ME tomorrow to write a cheque for a bank,
I will say, "You write it, I don't know how to write it."
I have got worldwide wisdom, but I have no knowledge of banks.
I cannot understand Bank.
The God who does not understand money,
you are eaning money in His name.
Only means of earning money started.
Now there will start the trade of committing murder.
Beyond that there will start the trade of all evil acts.
You must have heard that in the olden days there were such temples
where all the evil acts were done in the name of God.
Cheating started in our country.
By doing all this, by doing all these evil acts
not having the blessings of God
people blame God
and your children will say there is nothing like God.
Whatever the number of your views are
there is communism of the whole world
one is imperialism
somebody says that
there should be independance
some say there should be social democracy
by creating varieties of isms.
Now what did you get finally? This you should think.
Today you go to America, nobody's life is safe.
It is not in Delhi only.
Everybody was telling Me about bangles,
but on the day of Diwali one has to wear it.
Take these out or the people will snatch (bangles).
The position of a man in Delhi is , just like a cat
and the same is going on at other places too.
So all these excellencies you have accomplished
on the basis of which people are bewildered all over the world.
Wherever you go, there is terror
No notion is no where successful.
I have been to Russia as well to China.
and I have been to America as well. All are of the same metal.
Everybody is cutting his neck with his hand
and cutting his nose as well.
And we are following them.
Using their own wisdom, if everybody
has to go to hell, then it is very easy.
Let there be vacancy in hell.
How can there be so much space available suddenly?
Let there be some arrangement first
Mother has anxiety even if you have to go to hell.
Even if they go to hell, let there be arrangement there
where the children will sit.
So, such a wave that we have started
the reality is far from that.
Exactly on the other side it is darkness there.
It is mist
in which you are getting deep down more and more
ascending towards God and looking upward towards Him is reality.
Where from these agents will give you PARMATMA(God).
These agents are money minting people.
You only tell,
"How much money do you pay to these flowers to become fruits?"
How much money do you pay to this mother earth
SASHYA SHYAAMALAAM ( productive and brown coloured motherland)
which helped you so much?
You have raised so much hue and cry
With what great difficulty this mother earth
cradled and brought up us
and we are destroying it like this.
Have saddened it so much
and even after doing that even today
that SASYA SHYAMALAM mother earth
cradles us even today
Cares for us, looks after us.
Even taking that into consideration as well
We do not understand
that on which path are we digging ourselves.
All those who are God's messengers
just perceive that these five elements
these are God's messengers
these are their angles ready to help us.
It is only we who are ready to cut our neck, what shall God do?
Within you there is Kundalini as well
and within you, your mother kundalini is settled there beautifully.
It is settled perfectly in three and half circles.
Poor (KUNDALINI) is waiting
that let the foolish fellows come to the right path.
Then your chakras are also beautifully made.
and how beautiful arrangement God has made.
You haven't got any knowledge as yet,
your eyes have not even opened as yet.
When your eyes will open, you will come to know then.
Then you will understand.
Oh! in what darkness we had sunk?
somewhere under the darkness of ego
Somewhere under the darkness of fright
in the darkness of greed for some wrong things
covered with all the six evils, where shall we go?
All these things are absolutely within you.
What discussion you will do in this case?
I see many people stand in front of Me with clubs in their hands.
I asked them, "Why?"
They said ,"They were saying that by raising Kundalini it happens,"
I said," You better go to them."
Anyone says anything
if anyone says anything
is getting it published in newspaper, how does it matter?
You take a plain paper and print it out.
Anyone who prints anything, is that a Shastra?
Is that about God?
How much effort did Nanak Sahab made?
that all those who were realised souls
all those have been put together in Granth Sahab
attatched them in Granth Sahab, attatched Namdev to it.
And the day before yesterday, I thought that in the temple of Namdev
somebody had been murdered. Oh! Ram
That Namdev
What to talk of Him to you. Only Nanak sahab could understand Him.
When Namdev
went to meet Gora kumbhar (a saint and potter by trade)
he said these words, see what beautiful words he said.
See his beauty  and our crudeness
and foolishness.
Now , Gora kumbhar, was a poor potter
whom we should call, a schedule caste and this tailor
just on seeing him, he says
NIRGUNACHE  BHETI AALO SUGUNASANGE'
in the guise of Nirguna (without qualities)
i reached Saguna (refers to God)
in the form of Saguna Nirguna was standing.
This love, this respect and this honour only a yogi can do
to respect another person is not possible for a man.
They can't do.
Because you don't know
how much the other person is respectable, how much important he is
how much loving , how much dignified he is .
Some minister comes to you and you run after him.
He left yesterday, you ignored him and ran after another one.
You don't have any discretion whom to follow and whom to run after
If you have your own dignity
you can recognise another dignified person.
That this Sakhshat (In reality) dignified person
is standing in the form of Saguna.
But you don't have the eye to recognise that.
For that too one should have eye that has light.
Thousands of people wrote
many said
but today we are just forgotten and wandering.
And what to talk of these Hindus!
Such tortures have been inflicted on women, from Sitaji till now.
You are paying for that sin and save God from these Christians.
If you find a more foolish person than them, let ME know.
All the frivolous tales about Christ are there.
Now a days they even say that Christ was a human being.
Who has told them so?
One gentleman in England has said
he is a renowned person, called Bishop of Durham
that Christ was an ordinary man.
His birth has been just like us
some of His disciples were uneducated.
Just ask them ,"What do you know about Christ?"
Do you have the insight to know Him?"
Do you have the ability that you are telling to Christ
Because somebody has elected you
somebody appointed you as Bishop and somebody as Pope
have you become a great man?
In this way, you put them on your heads, beat drums and wander.
I am telling you that all these drum beatings are of hell.
By following these wrong gurus
do not take yourself and your children to hell.
There is unrighteousness in all these religions.
DHARMA is only of one VISHWA DHARM PARMATMA
and that DHARMA is to achieve God.
Till now, tell Me who did not say so?
Am I telling it today?
Were all those liars who said
KAHE NANAK BINA AAPA CHINE MITEY NA BRAMHA KI KAI
How many people recognised AAPA?
Those who had to say said so
They said thousands of times and left
They were tortured to death when they were living
and till now only they are killing.
I say,"Be aware!"
To everybody I as a Mother today
warn you
there is no need to go forward than this.
Stand up and get in Sahaj Yoga
and proudly become saints.
Avail this NIRGUNA which is today spread all around us
sitting to respect us
sitting to honour us.
Obtain that.
Are you going to take these useless things on your head?
That which you should take
that which is available to you so easily
when this diamond is so easily available
then why not to get that?
I cannot understand man's wisdom
My father was tired of making ME understand.
He would say,"You won't understand all this."
In reality I am still learning.
How does a human being looks at things from the reverse side?
Why he doesn't look at things from the right side?
And when everyone has already said, specially in our own country
there are so many great saints.
Hey! feel ashamed of yourself!
Today, we have a lot of questions, for example
In our culture it has been said,
YATRA NARIYA PUJYANTE TATRA RAMANTE DEVATA
Where a woman is worth adoring and adored
there itself Gods reside.
Here the way women are
tortured
every Indian thinks that he is a male
he has the right to get rid of woman.
The person who has given birth to you is your mother
One who is by your side is your wife
one who is your daughter,
they are all women.
By doing excesses with women
she becomes lioness and can dispose off you.
But what is the use of this rivalry?
This rivalry is of no use.
This rivalry is there because you don't know
You are the two wheels of one chariot
one in the left , the other in the right.
Both are of same height but not alike
In Sahaj Yoga last time
according to our desire and joyfully we had fifty one marriages.
But out of fifty one marriages
not even one marriage failed. All the marriages are going on nicely.
It gives a great joy to see them.
Clapping
Apart from this diseases get cured just by the way.
Just now you saw one gentleman who came up to the stage
He had blood cancer, he got well absolutely.
Your diseases, come atleast with this greed, I am your Mother.
that first
even if castroil has to be given
she gives it by covering it with chocolate.
Ok! come to get cured.
No, we are healthy. We are very strong.
Ok for your peace! We live in absolute peace.
Very peaceful! We are very peaceful!
We are in peace, we slap wife twice or thrice and nothing else.
Clapping
We take out all our anger on wife . We are sitting peacefully.
You are very peaceful! What to speak of you!
We have got enough. We don't need anything.
Then I can't say anything
But you will come, by and by you also come.
But My son, why not to get it now?
Now, I have come!
Dr. Sahab said,"Mother please come to Delhi for one day.
"I said ,"ok! I will come."
I have come. Here is a center.
Three four doctors are carrying on research work.
They have found out that by joining Sahaj Yoga
a human being instantly becomes
Which in Punjabi language is called ' very good '
when he took their readings.
Now he is writing a paper, that he noted in that reading
that man's [INAUDIBLE] resistance power increased
his stress level decreased
which you call ' tension'. ' Now a days i have got tension '
That was over.
When this hole occurs in Bramharandra, then there is no tension.
And in this way he found out lot of things
And we are carrying on research work over cancer as well
Research means, as such everything is research only
but he had said that you collect all the reports of this
and make its documents.
That we are doing.
But even after doing this, please do not get here only sick people.
kindly, everyone here must not be sick.
Some must be such who are healthy.
Bring such people also.
Because we want such people also who can cure other people.
Now, I have only two hands.
And with these two hands whatever I can do, I do.
I request you that in this great movement
It is for the betterment of the whole world.
Must come! We don't need any money for this.
I don't need any respect. I don't need anything.
Even if you don't give anything to Mother, She will still love you.
This you know very well.
So, I don't want anything from you.
I only want that you take what is yours.
Whtever is hidden within you
that which is subtle, get it. It is your right.
That you should get.
May God give you all wisdom and blessings.